of Powerful Strenght. Increase strength of +3.
of Powerful Dexterity. Increases dexterity of +3.
of Powerful Constitution. Increase Constitution of +3.
of Powerful Wisdom. Increase Wisdom of +3.
of Powerful Intelligence. Increase Intelligence of +3.
of Powerful Charisma. Increase Charisma of +3.
of Strength. Increase Strength of +2.
.
of the Evil Slaughter. Basic attacks deal +2d6 damage to Evil targets.
of Detect Good. Grants the wielder the ability to Detect Good.
of Freezing. 25% chance of freezing an enemy for one round.
of Lock picking. Once per day, the wielder can pick a lock he wants for free.
of Invisibility. Grants invisibility to the wielder 1 minute per day.
of the Humanoid Slayer. Basic attacks deal +2d6 damage to humanoid targets.
of Detect Magic. Once a day, grants the wielder a successful action of Detect Magic.
of Light. Creates light in a circular region around the wielder with range 9 meters.
of strong Reflexes. The wielder gets a bonus of +3 to his Reflexes saving throw.
of strong Fortitude. The wielder gets a bonus of +3 to his Fortitude saving throw.
of strong Will. The wielder gets a bonus of +3 to his Will saving throw.
of Dexterity. Increase Dexterity of +2
of Revelation. Once per day, reveals to the wielder the position of all the enemies in a room.
of Dark vision. Grants dark vision to the wielder.
of Persuasion. Once per day, grants the ability to the wielder to obtain anything he wants from a person.
of Transmutation. Once per day, can transmute any material into gold, the transformation will last for one hour. The amount of gold produced is equal to 1/5 of the weight of material transmuted.
of Fortitude. The wielder gets a bonus of +2 to his Fortitude saving throw.
of Wisdom. Increases Wisdom of +2.
of Magic Leaking. Basic attacks have a 25% chance of inflicting Magic Leaking for 1d4 turns (1d4 damage per turn, stacking).
of the Disorder Seeker. Basic attacks of the wielder deal +2d6 damage to neutral creatures.
of Charisma. Increases Charisma of +2.
of Absorption. Each time the wielder kills an enemy, this weapon gains the power of the enemy's weapons.
of Magic Shield. Once per day, the wielder gains a Magic Shield (+3 AC) for one minute.
.
of Defense. +2 AC.
of Reflexes. The wielder gets a bonus of +2 to his Reflexes saving throw.
.
of Life stealing. Basic attacks have 25% chance of healing the wielder of 1d4hp.
of the Order Bringer. Basic attacks deals +2d6 vs chaotic targets.
of Seeking the Invisible. The wielder gains the ability to see invisible things for one minute per day.
of Detect Evil. Grants the wielder the ability to Detect Good.
of Will. The wielder gets a bonus of +2 to his Will saving throw.
of Spell Storing. can store any spell and launch it once per day, but it must be charged by a spell caster.
of Rapidity. Grants the wielder the ability to perform another full attack per turn.
of Range. Melee weapon have 1,5m of extended range; ranged weapons have 30m of extended range.
of Sunfire. Deals 1d4 damage every turn to adjacent enemies.
of Intelligence. Increases the Intelligence of +2.
of Discord. Deals 1d8 extra damage, it has a 50% chance of hitting the wrong target.
of the Diehard. Grants the wielder the feat of Diehard.
